hey guys welcome to my channel in an
hour and 20 minutes I'm throwing a party
for local Bay Area creators some people
are starting on YouTube some people are
starting on Instagram and we're gonna
connect all together and talk about the
realities of being a creator about hard
things than great things this is I think
this is like the second party I'm
throwing I'm not really a sociable
person I love talking to you through the
camera but when it comes to like
actually organizing something like oh
what I need to do how do I invite people
would they even come this is me stepping
out of my comfort zone because I want to
connect with local people among people
that are gonna come we're gonna have
some influencers that are not from the
US and some influences that are from the
US so for non-native speakers I'm gonna
ask them if accent is a better good
thing for them does it help or it does
it not for Americans I would also ask
them how they react to people who have
an accent so if you're interested
continue watching by the way guys this
video is brought to you by our partner
Graystone College in Canada this is one
of our favorite institutions in Canada
because if you're thinking oh I want to
study some subjects and English this is
the college that you should think of
because they do amazing programs on
business hospitality management like
whatever you want but in addition to
studying you also work these programs
are called co-op programs which means
that you study for 48 weeks then you
work and you get paid work experience
for 48 weeks and then you have two weeks
to submit your project and graduate
these programs cost around 20,000
Canadian dollars there is also
accomodation fee but I think they're
really good if you are looking to
enhance your professional skills learn
some language get some work experience
in Canada and the firstly a better
career once you graduate so for this
programs we currently work with students
from European countries South American
countries like Brazil Argentina and
Chile and we can take some Asian
students from Japan South Korea and
China
so hear from those countries the link to
consultation is below unfortunately for
other countries we're not able to
provide a free consultation because you
have very high risks of getting a visa
refusal but if you already have a
Canadian visa we'll be happy to help you
again the link is below and our managers
will be happy to tell you which program
is the best for you Greystone college
remember this is what my living room
looks like dima hi alright he was
working
if you don't know guys I received a
scholarship from YouTube which is like
fifty thousand dollars and they want me
to invest it in creating more
educational content for you the
scholarship is falling over in this
channel so thank you so much for
watching this is a huge accomplishment
and I'm also proud that I'm taking part
in YouTube's further development so this
is my current studio the camera is
normally here I'm sitting there and
talking about like education English etc
more videos coming soon so stay tuned
and again thank you so much for
following this channel thank you for
subscribing I'm really happy to receive
that scholarship by the way this is my
new wall lingua Marie now 1 million
language rip TV this is our Russian
channel lingo marina a hundred thousand
this is my Russian channel a hundred
thousand
this is Silicon Valley girl one of my
new channels if you're not yet
subscribed by talk about business there
yeah my Wall of Fame
I'm also preparing some food for my
guests you don't normally like feed
people when they come to mingle at your
place but I've prepared some fruit and
snacks and now we're gonna take them
downstairs
[Music]
Ready Steady Go
this is professional 40 making marina my
presentation a lot of marinas in the
room hello is here filming huh yes what
I do believe me now actually run the
company but question yes
has anybody ever told you on YouTube
that they don't like your accent yep
they have actually a couple of people
have said that they liked my accent and
couple of people said that I'm like not
clear and it's very clear that I'm from
Eastern Europe and they don't understand
it and they don't like it they're haters
for everything all the time and the
Americans or they were Russian actually
what are you serious guys like I keep
telling that on my Russian channel I get
so much faith but I don't get that on my
English Channel and then they come to
your English speaking gen'un the ones I
remember were Russian I'm sure there
were some non Russian people not Russian
speakers that also told me that my
accent was bad but the Russians one are
the ones that stick out in my case like
Silicon Valley girl I did a video about
robots mm-hmm but I print us I
pronounced robots like in Russian would
say Robin no I just didn't care so I
pronounced that way like every second
Coleman marina who's that Robert cuz it
sounded like Robert to Americans they're
like Oh Robert oh I'm gonna pronounce
Roberts in the different way hahahaha
but this is actually helpful for me
isn't as a non-native speaker cuz they
were like robots this is right way to
pronounce and now I don't make any
mistakes so yeah hey yes speaking of
people not telling you that in a real
life so my friend Alexa that's coming
today
she got a comment on her video of a day
in the life being like oh yeah of course
like Danah life doesn't look like that
and then she responded to that comment
being like oh haha yeah of course like
we're trying to show the fun parts and
then
person responded being like oh my god
I'm so sorry I had no idea that you
would ever read this or see this oh yeah
yeah like what is this person actually
thinking yeah they think that it just
goes into this black void oh yeah
no one ever seen their common it's
interesting yeah interesting where
Internet is an interesting place oh yeah
thank you works say hi to yourself in my
next blog they're like a short
presentation get views on YouTube is
there is some kind of different relation
to people who have accents or you just
don't care about it my boyfriend's
parents have accents so I missed a lot
of the jokes
long time I think my boyfriend's dad
thought that I didn't get the joke
so they didn't get me good thing so that
was lovely your regular now on my blog
yeah she's like a scrappy regular thank
you sir yeah Thank You Dimitri for
showcasing us way farther than I know
his accent do you understand what he's
know Dimitri's accent uh actually didn't
consciously even realize he had an
accent now that you mention it like oh
yeah you had an accent I just never
crossed my mind when when you talk to
people have accidents what do you think
oh that's a good question so I think
number one if it's if it's hard to
understand then my brain goes into like
cognitive overload and then it's like I
like I can't not pay attention to it
because I'm trying to figure out what
they're saying but if they're saying
something that I totally just understand
I think the reaction that I get is like
oh this person is probably with like a
way different background than me and so
I feel like there's like way more much
more to learn from them because I'm like
oh you must have like a very interesting
perspective on different things so like
if you're trying to learn something and
then someone tells you about this new
concept that you've never heard of and
it's so far out there you're like that
sounds like a really green pasture of
like a lot of stuff I can learn I want
to know what that is and I kind of feel
like that with accents a little bit yeah
I guess yeah I guess I'm from Wisconsin
which is a state in the middle of the
country in the United States where
there's not as many people who are
traveling from like outside of the
United States even so living here in San
Francisco
I've definitely met a lot more people
who have traveled from all over the
world and so I think my experience now
is connecting with people who's just
sorry people from like all over the
world it's just like expanded and so I
don't think about it as much now I guess
it's just pretty normal I was born in
California when I grew up in Arizona
okay my family is from India okay what
is your I'm always curious I try to
travel a lot and be people from
different cultures and backgrounds kind
of like well seeing my parents struggle
makes me more empathetic to people that
are coming here for the first time so
when I went to college I was a community
assistant and I was actually part of the
International floor lose a lot of my
students where people are in any ASL
classes and so you learn how they
navigate languages especially English
but it just overall but I'm always
curious about where accents are from not
necess not even just countries just a
Boston accent versus and Arizona access
versus a like New York accent and part
of it can always be funny and I think
you add a little bit of humor to
anything that it makes it very
interesting yeah I'm always curious
about where people are from and how they
got to you where they're at now what
struggles they had worry about their
lives
you should guys I want to see here more
rfx and the kicker here can go to a city
culinary world channel my new channel
can I do further questions
you can guys please we just talked about
going live when I first got it got here
in the u.s. like three years ago my
English wasn't that like sharp and in
the upper drivers they'll be like hey
where are you from I think for me having
an accent actually allowed me to open
myself a little bit more to strangers
especially at school they automatically
think that you're like from somewhere
else and they're like curious about you
because you're not just like one of them
like it's much in the US and this is a
great way to start a conversation
all right start telling you a story I'm
from Russian yeah the three years ago
yeah that's a good so what I was gonna
say is I think that you should flex your
accent I've actually worked for
companies I think that you should try to
be understood obviously you should try
to speak clearly
pronunciate everything clearly but I've
actually worked for companies that like
to hire people with accents yeah what
kind of companies that um listen
hospitality oh okay yeah yeah cuz they
also know another language isn't that
yeah and like we stow a boat like if we
were gonna record our voice mail we
would get someone with an accent our
company you do it oh wow cuz it's not I
don't know it's interesting it's cool
it's different I also live in New York
though so that might be like more
desirable there any alright yeah do you
think there is like a lack of trust in
people who have accents or you don't
feel that no I definitely think that of
course they're gonna be stereotypes
based on where you're from and then type
of accent sure but I think that maybe
you don't want to engage with that
individual anyway mm-hm if they
disregard you because of your accent
makes a lot of sense yeah I think it's
sexy gonna rock with it rock with it Hey
here welcome thank you so much and thank
you for flowering I am back in my
kitchen I have some stuff left over from
the party which is amazing which means
that I have some food for tomorrow
because my fridge is almost well no it's
not but I don't have a little bit I
really enjoy the party the thing is I
have been working for two consecutive
weeks without any weekends cuz I had so
much stuff to do I had like a Bevin or
Monday in this party then I had a
presentation Tuesday there's so much
stuff going on so tomorrow I'm
officially starting my three-day weekend
and I'm starting it with a shopping trip
to San Francisco Premium Outlets some
hoping to get something there if you
don't follow me on Instagram yet and
want to see what I purchased it's gonna
be on Instagram its lingua Marina make
sure to follow me thank you so much for
watching this video what I really like
about what Americans said about the
accent is that it's a great conversation
starter if you have an accent people at
a party would start conversation basking
where you're from and this is a great
opportunity for you to share your
stories so don't be afraid of your
accent but make sure that people
understand you the great way to develop
the skill is to travel abroad learn the
language where it is spoken like Canada
Greystone College thank you so much guys
for watching this video up to the very
end please like it if you enjoyed the
content and I will see you soon in my
next videos
[Music]